wilderness.md, before:

# Wilderness

Resources:
- Ongerepte Natuur (Translation: Wilderness) is a group focusing on Wilderness in the Netherlands: https://www.ongerepte-natuur.nl/
- Wilderness society article on the Netherlands: https://wilderness-society.org/is-there-hope-for-wilderness-in-the-netherlands/
- https://www.staatsbosbeheer.nl/uit-in-de-natuur
- Old growth forest: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_old-growth_forests#Eurasia
- Ark is a dutch charity for rebuilding wilderness: https://www.ark.eu
- Large list of resources: https://www.ongerepte-natuur.nl/links/


### Real Outdoors
- The river nature reserve Gelderse Poort has herds of wild horses and wild cattle.
https://www.staatsbosbeheer.nl/uit-in-de-natuur/locaties/gelderse-poort
It is along the Dutch-German border near Nijmegen.
- There are two uninhabited islands: Rottumeroog and Rottumerplaat, in the Wadden Sea. 
- The nature reserve Veluwe is close to natural state forest, with wild deer, boars, and even packs of wolves recently returning to the region.
https://www.staatsbosbeheer.nl/uit-in-de-natuur/locaties/veluwe
- The Eifel National Park is wild, with populations of wild cats, wolves etc. It is just over the border into Germany.
https://www.eifel.info/en/nature/the-top-10-distinctive-natural-features

### Almost Outdoors
- Limburg province has a growing population of wild cats. Areas here must be wild enough to support such populations: https://wilderness-society.org/wild-cat-population-grows-in-the-netherlands/. Dutch study: https://www.ark.eu/nieuws/2018/minimaal-14-zeldzame-wilde-katten-nederland. 

### Kind of Outdoors (if you squint)
- Pulvermaar volcanic crater, Vulkaneifel:
https://www.eifel.info/en/a-pulvermaar-1

### More links:
- Outdoor trips with Staatsbosbeheer (the Dutch nature charity, similar to the National Trust in the UK) are quite cheap and look good. Can include multi-day outings including wild camping with rangers as your guide: https://www.staatsbosbeheer.nl/uit-in-de-natuur/excursies
- Rewilding projects by Ark are a good way of getting involved with rewilding: https://www.ark.eu/agenda

Commit message:

add info on wild bison

wilderness.md, after:

# Wilderness

Resources:
- Ongerepte Natuur (Translation: Wilderness) is a group focusing on Wilderness in the Netherlands: https://www.ongerepte-natuur.nl/
- Wilderness society article on the Netherlands: https://wilderness-society.org/is-there-hope-for-wilderness-in-the-netherlands/
- https://www.staatsbosbeheer.nl/uit-in-de-natuur
- Old growth forest: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_old-growth_forests#Eurasia
- Ark is a dutch charity for rebuilding wilderness: https://www.ark.eu
- Large list of resources: https://www.ongerepte-natuur.nl/links/


### Real Outdoors
- The river nature reserve Gelderse Poort has herds of wild horses and wild cattle.
https://www.staatsbosbeheer.nl/uit-in-de-natuur/locaties/gelderse-poort
It is along the Dutch-German border near Nijmegen.
- There are two uninhabited islands: Rottumeroog and Rottumerplaat, in the Wadden Sea. 
- The nature reserve Veluwe is close to natural state forest, with wild deer, boars, bison, and even packs of wolves recently returning to the region.
https://www.staatsbosbeheer.nl/uit-in-de-natuur/locaties/veluwe
- The nature reserve De Maashorst, in province North Brabant, is a project aiming to revive dutch wilderness and recreate the 'primal' feel of nature. It has wild horses, deer and bison. https://rewildingeurope.com/rew-project/de-maashorst/
- The Eifel National Park is wild, with populations of wild cats, wolves etc. It is just over the border into Germany.
https://www.eifel.info/en/nature/the-top-10-distinctive-natural-features

### Almost Outdoors
- Limburg province has a growing population of wild cats. Areas here must be wild enough to support such populations: https://wilderness-society.org/wild-cat-population-grows-in-the-netherlands/. Dutch study: https://www.ark.eu/nieuws/2018/minimaal-14-zeldzame-wilde-katten-nederland. 

### Kind of Outdoors (if you squint)
- Pulvermaar volcanic crater, Vulkaneifel:
https://www.eifel.info/en/a-pulvermaar-1

### More links:
- Outdoor trips with Staatsbosbeheer (the Dutch nature charity, similar to the National Trust in the UK) are quite cheap and look good. Can include multi-day outings including wild camping with rangers as your guide: https://www.staatsbosbeheer.nl/uit-in-de-natuur/excursies
- Rewilding projects by Ark are a good way of getting involved with rewilding: https://www.ark.eu/agenda
- Bison reintroduction project in Veluwe: https://www.wisenten.nl/en/netherlands
